Adding a New Clipping Entry
===========================

To add a new clipping, click on “Browse” in the navigation bar and then select
“Clippings” from the drop-down menu. At the top right of the page, select “New,”
which will direct you to a form with all of the entry fields.

Adding an Image
---------------

First, add an image file by clicking on “Choose File” at the top of the page. A
directory will pop up; find and select the image file you wish to use within the
directory and select “Open.” Most image files types will work, but JPG and PNG
files are preferable. The maximum file size is displayed on the page.

Adding a Transcription and Annotation
-------------------------------------

The transcription should be entered into the “Transcription” field. A
transcription should be diplomatic transcription of the clipping, which
maintains all quirks of spelling and typographical errors but modernizes some
typography (for example, the long or printer’s s is modernized). Annotations
should be added to the “Annotation” field below the “Transcription” field.

Adding Metadata
---------------

To add metadata, select the “Metadata” tab at the top left of the page. Here,
you will find a table of metadata fields: Handwritten Number, Written Date,
Date, Category, and Source.

The “Image Number” field refers to the .jpg file name of the image included in
the entry, and will be populated automatically when you upload an image.

“Number” refers to the number assigned to the clipping by the compiler of the
source volumes, James Winston. The number is usually included on the clipping in
pencil. Due to the compiler’s errors, there are some numbers that are missing or
repeated; you should enter the number as it appears on the clipping, regardless
of these errors.

“Written Date” identifies the date that the clipping was published, written out
longhand as it appears on the clipping. For example, “23 August 92” refers to a
clipping published on August 23, 1792. Some of the dates will not be complete,
so “August 92” refers to a clipping published sometime in August 1792. These
dates were also written out by James Winston, the same person who numbered the
clippings, so some errors may also occur here. Regardless, you should record the
date as written.

The “Date” field normalizes the written date in the form of DD/MM/YYYY, so 23
August 92 becomes 23/08/1792.

The “Category” field consists of a drop-down menu that categorizes the medium of
the entry. The four possible categories are “manuscript,” “playbill,” “text,”
and “song lyrics.” Categories can be added or edited in the “Category” table.
Select “Manuscript” if the cutting has been handwritten. Select “Playbill” if
the cutting is a printed newspaper clipping showing the order of the acts,
performers, and other details about a performance. Select “Text” for any printed
textual materials that are not playbills or printed music—for example, reviews
and advertisements. Select “Song Lyrics” for print clippings that contain the
words to songs performed at the circus.

“Source” identifies which volume of the three-volume collection of Astley’s
Cuttings from Newspapers the clipping was taken from. Select the appropriate
volume of Astley’s Cuttings from the drop down menu.

When you have added all of the available data and metadata, select “Create” at
the bottom of the page. You will be directed to the new entry automatically.
